Explain how to pass the configuration to the UDW (#1134)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/extending/extending_udw.md

## How to use UDW?

> UDW requires configuration that you can provide using the `ez_udw_config` Twig helper. This configuration must be spread to the props of the component itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UDW requires that you provide configuration by using the `ez_udw_config` Twig helper. This configuration must be spread to the properties of the component itself.
```
Also - what do you mean by "spread" - is it "distributed" or "populated"?

```html+twig
<button data-udw-config="{{ ez_udw_config('single') }}">
    Open My UDW
</button>
```

> > `simple` configuration is one of the default configuration provided. You can also do your [own configuration](#Adding-new-configuration).

Reviewer 2: `simple` or `single`?

With vanilla JS:

``` js
const container = document.querySelector('#react-udw');

const config = /* fetch the config somewhere */;

> //const config = JSON.parse(somewhere.dataset.udwConfig);

Reviewer 2: I would write something like this:
```suggestion
//const config = JSON.parse(document.querySelector('.btn-udw-trigger).dataset.udwConfig);
```

And I would add this class to the button above to show which udwConfig should be passed to the React component

ReactDOM.render(React.createElement(eZ.modules.UniversalDiscovery, {
    onConfirm: {Function},
    onCancel: {Function},

>     {...config}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ...config
```
